1285952110
BulletinsController	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/bulletins_controller.rb	class BulletinsController 
LoungesController	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/lounges_controller.rb	class LoungesController 
User	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserSessionsController	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
UsersController	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
about	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/lounges_controller.rb	  def about
create	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/bulletins_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/bulletins_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/bulletins_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/bulletins_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/lounges_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/models/user.rb	  def initialize
new	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/bulletins_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/bulletins_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show_Bulletin	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/lounges_controller.rb	  def show_Bulletin
update	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/bulletins_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/monster/Documents/Rails/sklounge/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
